Companies of all types
and sizes rely on user experience
designers to help make their technology easier
and more enjoyable to use. The demand for user experience designers is so high that a lot of companies can't fill their job openings. Luckily, there are lots
of people like you who are excited to enter the field of user
experience design, also known as UX design. Here's the good news. UX designers come from all kinds of backgrounds
and experiences. Lots of UX jobs don't require a specific work history
or a college degree. In fact, some UX
professionals have taught themselves the skills needed
to land their first job. That's where this
program comes in. Through these courses, you'll gain the foundational skills, hands-on experience, and confidence you'll need
to become a UX designer. This program is for anyone who wants to find a
job in UX design. When you complete this program, you'll have the opportunity to share your information with top employers like Google that are interested in hiring entry-level UX designers. So, welcome to Google's certificate
in user experience design. We're so excited you're here. This program is split
into seven courses, with each course concentrating on a different part of UX design, from explaining the basics of  UX design to designing
your first prototype. Be sure to take the
courses in order, so you can build on
your knowledge and skills as you go with
every new assignment. Each of the seven courses
is broken down into  weeks, and each week includes: videos, readings, hands-on activities, discussion prompts, and quizzes. Whether or not you complete the material in a
week is up to you. You have the flexibility
to go at your own pace. Throughout this program, you'll learn how to conduct research, draw a wireframe, and create your own designs using tools
like Figma... and Adobe XD. You'll also complete
three unique projects to demonstrate what you've learned and to earn your
completion certificate. When you're finished, you'll
have a portfolio of work, a polished resume, and
interview skills to support you as you apply
for jobs as a UX designer. Whether you've been experimenting  in UX design
for years, or you're completely new to the field, you can complete this program. Everything is
entirely self-paced, which means you decide how
much you want to do each week. Along the way, you'll learn from other Google employees,
or Googlers, each with their own unique
perspectives and backgrounds. We'll share how we
became UX designers, give professional
tips, and provide you with a glimpse into
our day-to-day work. Keep in mind, depending
on where you work, your UX role might be
general or specialized. Your responsibilities could vary widely from role to role, and so could the members
of your team. We'll cover all that in
more depth as we go. Because Googlers
created this program, you'll learn the most
practical information needed to launch your
own UX design career. So let's meet your instructors. My name is Michael, and I'm an interaction designer in the privacy and data
protection office at Google. I'll be your instructor
for this course, where we'll cover the most
fundamental principles of user experience design. I'm super excited to guide you through the first
part of the program. Now, I'll let the rest of the instructors
introduce themselves. Hi, I'm Emily. I'm a senior UX researcher
for Google Assistant. I'll be your instructor for
User Research: Empathize, Define, and Ideate, which is about
understanding your user and the design problem
you're trying to solve. My name is Karen, and I'm
thrilled to lead you in this next part of your
UX design journey. I'm an interaction designer on the Material Design
Team at Google. We'll soon be creating storyboards, wireframes, and
low-fidelity prototypes. I'm Jason, the head of Equity
Engineering at Google. I'm your instructor for Course 4, where we'll use your newly
acquired research knowledge to conduct studies and
test those early ideas. Hi, I'm Kunal, a UX designer for the
Material Design team. I'll be the instructor for Course 5, where we'll cover how
to create mockups and high-fidelity prototypes in Figma, a digital design program. I'm Dave, and I'm a UX
manager on Google Maps. I'll introduce you to Adobe XD, which is a design tool you'll use to create the second project for your portfolio. I'll be there to
guide you through each step as you design
a responsive website. Hey, I'm Paolo, and I'm the director
of UX for YouTube Ads. I'll be your instructor
for Course 7, where you'll create a
third portfolio project and build a portfolio that's
ready for the job market. And I'm Shabi, an
interaction designer for the central
accessibility organization. I'll be stopping by throughout the program to show
you how accessible and inclusive design
should be included in every step of
the design process. So you've met your instructors
and heard a bit more about what you'll
learn in this program. Coming up, we'll explore the field of  user experience in more depth, so you can decide if
you want to pursue a career as a UX designer. Are you excited? Let's get started.