I started off my career in animation, and I worked in the industry for
a number of years. And at one point, when I saw
the internet really maturing, and I saw all the opportunities online,
I started to realize that there was a bigger canvas there where
I could display my work. So I felt that I could pivot to UX design
and use some of my interaction design skills that I inherited from that industry
to help me in my career in UX design. One of my first jobs in UX
was working at a startup, and it was a really great opportunity
because I had the chance to work through the whole UX pipeline -- all
the way from doing research all the way to
launching the product. So I had the opportunity
to wear a lot of hats and I got to work with a lot of different
people outside of my UX field, like engineers and
project managers and things like that. So it was a really great opportunity
to try all these different things, and also just to learn the craft
of UX in a very deep way. And at that time, I was the only
UX designer at the company, so I was also doing branding and
marketing and iconography and basically everything you
can think of under the sun. I came in knowing some of
the skills that I needed, but I actually learned quite a bit on the job, just from working and
collaborating with other people. I learned the process along the way. The more websites or the more products
that got shipped, the more I learned about the process and the more I
started feeling more comfortable. It was really exciting to see a product
finally launch that we'd been working on for so long. And it was also really rewarding to get
feedback from users about what they thought of the product that I'd designed. So I'm super excited about
this certificate because of all the opportunities it's going
to give people around the world. When I first got started in UX, there weren't a lot of opportunities
available for resources to get started. So I feel that this certificate really
will help everyone regardless of what your background is, regardless of whether
you have a background in UX design, or visual design, or anything. You can get started with
this certificate and you can get a really great foundation and
get the UX design job of your dreams. Hi, my name is Michael and
I'm a UX designer at Google.