Hi again. Earlier we
discussed how UX designers help make technology easier to understand and more
enjoyable to use. In this video, we'll define user experience and UX design. We'll review why UX design is important for consumers and
businesses. Let's get started. The user experience is
how a person, the user, feels about interacting with or experiencing a product. A product is a good,
service, or feature. It might be a physical product, like a video game controller or a bag of potato chips, or a technology product, like an app, website, or smartwatch. There are many
things that can make up a good user experience. In this video, we'll
highlight some of them. For example, for a user to
have a good experience, the product needs to be usable, equitable, enjoyable, and useful. Let's break that down. To begin, user experience
is about improving usability or making
something easier to use. This means that the design, structure, and purpose of the product are
clear to everyone. Think about a ketchup bottle. Historically, ketchup
came in a glass bottle. The user had to hit the bottom of the glass to make
ketchup come out. Often, no ketchup or too much ketchup would
come out of the bottle. Today, the ketchup
bottle has been redesigned into a plastic
squeezable bottle, which makes it easier
to use and allows users to control how
much ketchup comes out. UX designers need to think about every person who
uses the product. This might include people with disabilities,
or people with very different life
experiences from your own. For example, one user might find an app with a lot
of text easy to use. On the other hand, a user with a visual impairment might want different
features like sound. Considering the unique needs
of many different people is important work and thinking about equitable design is key. Being equitable means
your designs are useful and marketable to people with diverse abilities
and backgrounds. User experience is also about making things
enjoyable to use, which creates a
positive connection between the user and the product. UX designers foster that
positive connection by taking a user's thoughts and feelings into account when
making products. Think about ordering
takeout food online. When you search for a
restaurant in Google or Yelp, you can see photos of dishes and read reviews from other people who have eaten there. This experience is
enjoyable because you can make a more informed choice
about what to order, leaving you feeling
happier about the product. So, how do we figure out what makes a user happy with the product? That's where research comes in. To know how users feel, we have to collect evidence
on how they're experiencing that product in real time
and ask them about it, too. We'll discuss this in
a lot more detail later. As humans, we want
products that are useful, meaning they solve our problems. For example, if you're lost, a map app telling you how
to get home is useful. But if the app can't find
your current location, it's not so useful anymore. So now we know what it means for a user to have
a good experience. Why is it important to business? In 2018, the research firm
McKinsey & Company studied companies in three
industries: medical technology, consumer goods, and
retail banking. They found that,
regardless of industry, businesses that focused
on good usability and design performed better
than their competitors. Basically, it comes down to this: When people like a product, they use that product a lot, and they recommended it
to their friends. And more people using the product means better business
for the company. Plus, when users have a good
experience with the product, they're more likely to have a positive opinion of the
company that made it. A win-win for the user
and the business. Can you think of a
product you loved so much that you shared
it with a friend? If you did, that's a great example of user
experience design in action. Despite all this, a lot of
companies don't understand the important role that UX design can play in
improving their business, and that's where you as
a UX designer come in. So now you know how to describe user experience and UX design. And you understand
why UX design is important for consumers
and businesses. Next up, we'll learn more
about what UX designers do.