Okay, we've covered the basics of what user experience design is
and why it's important. Now, let's discuss
different roles within UX design and colleagues
you might work with. UX designers come from a lot of different backgrounds: marketers, artists, teachers, small business owners, cashiers, or anything really. Rather than sharing
similar work histories, UX designers tend to share common skills and
interests instead. A lot of UX designers have
a good sense for visuals, which means you recognize
when an image fits or doesn't fit in the space or what colors complement each other. But you don't need to
know anything about graphic design or even be able to draw to be a UX designer. UX designers tend
to be curious about people and like thinking about
how people's minds work. They also enjoy figuring
out how people use products and how to make
those products easier to use. UX designers are empathetic too. Empathy is the ability to understand  someone else's feelings or
thoughts in a situation, and it's a major part of UX. Remember earlier
when we mentioned equitable design and designing for everyone? Well, in order to
design for everyone, we need to understand
how a person might feel or what they might
think in any situation. Just like a lot of UX designers  don't share work histories, they don't always share
educational backgrounds either. A lot of UX designers
learn on their own by taking courses like this one and teaching themselves the skills they need to
get entry-level jobs. They're pretty resourceful too, tapping their experience
from other jobs or hobbies to build a foundation
for their new careers. So, we've covered common
characteristics of people drawn to UX design. Now let's explore what those
UX designers actually do. When you think of
the word "design," you might think it's all about the visual aspects of a product. But it's only one small part of what the UX
designers might do. In fact, there are many
different kinds of UX designers: interaction designers, visual designers, and
motion designers. Let's start with interaction
designers, who focus on designing the experience of a product and how it functions. They figure out how to connect
the users' needs and the business's goals with what's
actually feasible to build. As an interaction
designer at Google, my team and I are
responsible for defining the user experience for security and privacy
related tools. In my world, users
always come first. There are also
visual designers who focus on how a product
or technology looks. They might be responsible
for designing logos, illustrations, or icons. They may also decide
font color and size, or work on product layouts. Motion designers are another
common type of UX designer. They think about what
it feels like for a user to move
through a product and how to create smooth
transitions between pages on an app or a website. Similar to UX designers, there are also graphic
designers who create visuals that tell a
story or message. Graphic designers usually work on the appearance of a physical product, like an invitation or a poster, while UX designers focus on how users interact
with the product. Outside of design, there are many other roles in
the field of UX. Collaboration is
an important part of a UX designer's job. So let's talk about a few of the most common colleagues
a designer might work with. UX researchers conduct
the studies or interviews that help us learn
how people use a product. Then there are UX writers,
who think about how to make the language within a product clearer to make the user
experience more intuitive. This could include writing
labels for buttons or adjusting the tone to
be formal or friendly. Next up, we have production
designers, who often act as a bridge between interaction designers
and engineers. They make sure the first
and final designs match in the finished product
materials and that the assets are
ready to be handed off to the engineering team. The assets are everything
from text and images to the design specifications,
like font style, color, size, and spacing. Which brings us to
the UX engineers, one of the groups
that UX designers work with most frequently. UX engineers translate
the design's intent into a functioning experience,
like a website or an app. Finally, UX program managers ensure clear and
timely communication so that the process of building a useful product moves
smoothly from start to finish. This might include setting up goals and writing project plans. In this video, we've explored different types of UX
designer roles you might pursue and introduced you to other
colleagues you might work with. Coming up, we'll talk about how to create  a good user experience through design.